7.49 to 7.52 release notes (#3432)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/Release.7.50.0.Final/pagination-logcleanup.adoc

[id='pagination-logcleanup-750']

= Pagination parameter for LogCleanupcommand

> A new parameter `RecordsPerTransaction` has been added to LogCleanupCommand. It specifies the number of records to be deleted by transaction. 0 (default) means all records are deleted on the same transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new `RecordsPerTransaction` parameter was added to the `LogCleanupCommand` KIE API command. The parameter specifies the number of records to be deleted by one transaction. 0 (default) means all records are deleted on the same transaction.
```
